We only use 4 Permissions:
android.permission.INTERNET for internet access to improve user experience and to access main functionality of the application.
android.permission.READ_EXTERNAL_STORAGE retrieves photos to read QR codes and Barcodes from your device library.
android.permission.WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE saves the QR code image to internal memory.
android.permission.SET_WALLPAPER set Wall paper
However, this data is not collected on our servers or shared with third parties, the data is only stored on your device.
Collecting personal information
We receive and store any information you knowingly provide us with in the Mobile App. You can choose not to provide us with certain information, but then you may not be able to take advantage of some Mobile App features. Users who are unsure of the required information can contact us.
Collecting non-personal information
When you open the Mobile App, our servers automatically record the information your device sends. This data may include information such as your device's IP address and location, device name and version, operating system type and version, language preferences, information you search for in the App. for our mobile devices, access date and time as well as other stats.
Use and process collected information
Any information we collect from you may be used for Collected Non-Personal Information to be used only to identify potential abuse cases and to establish traffic statistics. and use the Mobile App. This statistical information is not aggregated in any other way to identify any specific user of the system.We may process Personal Information regarding you if any of the following applies: ( i) You have agreed with them for one or more specific purposes. Note that under certain laws, we may be allowed to process information until you object to such processing (by opting out) without needing to rely on consent or any other basis. any other legislation below. However, this does not apply, whenever the processing of Personal Information is in compliance with European data protection laws; (ii) The provision of information is necessary to perform an agreement with you and / or for any of its pre-contractual obligations therein; (ii) Treatment is necessary to comply with a legal obligation to which you are subject; (iv) The processing is in connection with a task performed for the public good or in the exercise of official authority assigned to us; (v) Processing is necessary for legitimate interests pursued by us or by a third party. In all cases, we will be happy to clarify the specific legal basis applicable to processing and in particular whether the provision of Personal Data is a statutory or contractual requirement or a requirement. required to sign a contract or not. (ii) Treatment is necessary to comply with a legal obligation to which you are subject; (iv) The processing is in connection with a task performed for the public good or in the exercise of official authority assigned to us; (v) Processing is necessary for legitimate interests pursued by us or by a third party. In all cases, we will be happy to clarify the specific legal basis applicable to processing and in particular whether the provision of Personal Data is a statutory or contractual requirement or a requirement. required to sign a contract or not. (ii) Treatment is necessary to comply with a legal obligation to which you are subject; (iv) The processing is in connection with a task performed for the public good or in the exercise of official authority assigned to us; (v) Processing is necessary for legitimate interests pursued by us or by a third party. In all cases, we will be happy to clarify the specific legal basis applicable to processing and in particular whether the provision of Personal Data is a statutory or contractual requirement or a request. required to sign a contract or not. (v) Processing is necessary for legitimate interests pursued by us or by a third party. In all cases, we will be happy to clarify the specific legal basis applicable to processing and in particular whether the provision of Personal Data is a statutory or contractual requirement or a request. required to sign a contract or not. (v) Processing is necessary for legitimate interests pursued by us or by a third party. In any case,
Transfer and store information
Depending on your location, data transmission may involve transferring and storing your information in a country other than yours. You have the right to inquire about the legal basis for transferring information to a country outside the European Union or to any international organization governed by public international law or established by two or more Many countries, such as the United Nations and on security measures are taken by us to protect your information. If any such transfer takes place, you can learn more by checking the relevant sections of this document or contact us using the information provided in the contact section.
User rights
You can exercise certain rights regarding your information handled by us. Specifically, you have the right to do the following: (i) you have the right to withdraw consent to which you have previously consented to the processing of your information; (ii) you have the right to object to the processing of your information if the processing is done on a legal basis other than that given your consent; (iii) you have the right to find out whether information is being processed by us, to disclose information about certain aspects of the processing, and to receive a copy of the information being processed; (iv) you have the right to verify the accuracy of your information and request that it be updated or corrected; (v) you have the right, under certain circumstances, to limit the processing of your information, in which case we will not process your information for any purpose other than storage. it; (vi) you have the right, under certain circumstances, to ask us to delete your Personal Information; (vii) you have the right to receive your information in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and, if technically feasible, to transmit it to another controller without meet any obstacles. This term may apply provided that your information is processed by automated means and the processing is based on your consent, on a contract to which you are part or under obligations. before the contract. common use and machine-readable format and, if technically feasible, to transmit it to another controller without any interference. This term may apply provided that your information is processed by automated means and the processing is based on your consent, on a contract for which you are part or subject to pre-contractual obligations. common use and machine-readable format and, if technically feasible, to transmit it to another controller without any interference. This term may apply provided that your information is processed by automated means and the processing is based on your consent, on a contract to which you are part or under obligations. before the contract.
Right to object to handling
When Personal Information is processed for the public good, in exercising the authority officially granted to us, or for a legitimate interest we pursue, you may object to such processing. by providing evidence regarding your particular situation to justify an objection. However, you must be aware that if your Personal Information is processed for direct marketing purposes, you can object to such processing at any time without providing any reason. To find out if we are processing Personal Information for direct marketing purposes, you can refer to the relevant sections of this document.
Children's privacy
We do not knowingly collect any Personal Information from children under 13 years of age. If you are under the age of 13, please do not submit any Personal Information via our Mobile Application. We encourage parents and legal guardians to monitor their children's Internet use and help enforce this Policy by guiding their children to never provide Personal Information through the Di App service without their permission. If you have reason to believe that a child under the age of 13 has provided Personal Information to us through our Mobile Application, please contact us.
Information security
We secure information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. We maintain reasonable administrative, technical, and physical safeguards in an effort to protect against unauthorized access, use, modification, and disclosure of Personal Information in its control and custody. However, no data transmission over the Internet or wireless network can be guaranteed. Therefore, while we strive to protect your Personal Information, you acknowledge that (i) there are security and privacy limitations of the Internet which are beyond our control; (ii) the security, integrity, and privacy of any and all information and data exchanged between you and our Mobile Application cannot be guaranteed; and (iii) any such information and data may be viewed or tampered with in transit by a third-party, despite best efforts.
Changes and modifications
We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy in relation to the Mobile Application at any time, in effect by posting an updated version of this Policy in the Mobile Application. When we do, we'll revise the update date at the bottom of this page. Your continued use of the Mobile Application following any such changes constitutes your consent to such changes. Acceptance of this Policy You acknowledge that you have read this Policy and agree to all of its terms and conditions. By using our Apps, you agree to be bound by this Policy. If you do not agree to abide by the terms of this Policy, you are not authorized to use or access the Mobile App .
